# Web-Information-Processing
HTML5,CSS and JAVASCRIPT Applications/Webpages


Each branch will contain a different Application made using HTML5,CSS,JAVASCRIPT,PHP.

1)GradesTableAverageCalculator--is an application which will take 5 grades for a person in a table and give an average of the the five results. 
2)GradesTablesWithCookiesAndRows -- is an appliation which will take a students grades into a table and calculate the average the functionality inplemented in this is the ability to dynamically add rows and columns by using the buttons.Cookies where also implemented when the save button is pressed the conetent in the table is saved using a string in the cookie which is then saved in your local storag and can be restored using the load button.
3)Single Page App is a single page php app which uses crud development on a table in a database which in the case of this was a table of data about ebooks.The app uses HTML AND CSS for styling and php is the scripting language for the page.
 4)Hiragana-Tutor-App id a Hiragana Tutor app, functioning as a single page application, that runs in a web browser. The app should provide functionality for saving and reviewing learner progress using AJAX calls to some accompanying database via a web service you have also created. You may use any learned technology to implement the app, the service, and the database, for example, you may choose to use HTML/CSS/JS (with jQuery) for the tutor app, and use PHP for the service, and phpMyAdmin as the database.Hiragana is one of three character sets (two kana and one kanji) used in the Japanese language. Each Hiragana letter represents a particular phonetic syllable. The concept of a 'letter' has no meaning in Japanese. In modern Japanese, there are 46 basic Hiragana characters. In addition to these 46 basic characters (called gojūon), there are modified of the basic forms to describe more sounds, i.e. 20 dakuon, 5 handakuon, 36 yōon, 1 sokuon and 6 additional characters. English learners of the Japanese typically use a set of words called romaji which is a representation of Japanese sounds using the western, 26-letter alphabet. For example, the hiragana character "あ" has the romaji equivalent "a" (pronounced like the "a" in "car" or the "a" in "awful"). You do not need to be able to speak Japanese for this assignment; you only need to know what Hiragana and its corresponding romaji look like, and how they are structured.
